Create markdown pages for docs site (#43)
onflow/flow-js-testing: docs/execute-scripts.md

---
title: Execute Scripts
sidebar_title: Execute Scripts
description: How to execute scripts
---

> It is often the case that you need to query current state of the network. For example, to check balance of the
> account, read public value of the contract or ensure that user have specific resource in their storage.
> 
> We abstract this interaction into single method called `executeScript`. Method have 2 different signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is often the case that you need to query the current state of the network. For example, to check balance of an
account, read public values of a contract or ensure that a user has a specific resource in their storage.

We abstract this interaction into single method called `executeScript`. Method have 2 different signatures.
```

### executeScript(props)

Provides explicit control over how you pass values.
`props` object accepts following fields:

- `code` - string representation of Cadence script
- `name` - name of the file in `scripts` folder to use (sans `.cdc` extension)

  > Either `code` or `name` field shall be specified. Method will throw an error if both of them are empty.
  
  > If `name` field provided, framework will source code from file and override value passed via `code` field.

- `args` - (optional) an array of arguments to pass to script. Optional if script does not expect any arguments.

Usage:

```javascript
import path from "path";
import { init, emulator, executeScript } from "flow-js-testing";

const main = async () => {
  const basePath = path.resolve(__dirname, "../cadence");
  const port = 8080;

  // Init framework
  init(basePath, port);
  // Start emulator
  await emulator.start(port, false);

  // Define code and arguments we want to pass
  const code = `
    pub fun main(message: String): Int{
      log(message)

      return 42
    }
  `;
  const args = ["Hello, from Cadence"];

>   // If something wrong with script execution method will throw an error,
>   // so we need to catch it and process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If something goes wrong with script execution method will throw an error,
  // so we need to catch it and process
```
